[AMANE] Yeesh, the sun
was brutal today.
You want some barley tea?
We have permission
to raid the fridge, remember?
Right, I'll get
some glasses for us.
You know your way around here.
[chuckles]
Yeah, I use this kitchen a lot.
♪
[chuckles]
Hey, so.
You've seen Mister Maou get up
to some weird stuff,
but how much do you know?
Hm.
I'm 100 percent sure
he's not from Earth.
And it's clear
the man is no human.
Since he can use magic,
I would bet
he's probably a demon
or something like that.
Based on everything
I've picked up from you guys,
his people lost a big fight
with Yusa's people.
He skipped town, and started
doing part-time work here
because his magic ran out.
Either you just made
a really good guess,
or you've got legit
psychic powers.
I was going with my gut
on that one.
Plus, you folks tend
to be real chatty.
Can I...?
Ask me a question, right?
I don't see why not.
But for your ears only.
♪
[Urushihara screams]
Now we can speak freely
without fear
of creepy eavesdroppers.
[gasps]
Well, in that case,
I've got a whole lot
to ask you, ma'am.
Whoa, are you gonna take notes?
You're serious.
So? Whatcha wanna know?
Miss Amane, do you know
about the Sephiroth?
Please detail
your exact relationship
to the Tree of Life.
Straight to the deep end?
Seems you know your stuff.
In a way, I'm quite a bit
like Alas Ramus and Acieth.
But I don't come directly
from shards of Sephiroth
like your pals do.
My dad came from a Sephirah,
but my mom
is as human as they get.
Guess you could say
I got the best of both worlds.
If you're curious,
my aunt Mikitty
is dad's older sister.
She came from a Sephirah,
just like him.
So, yeah.
And due to her role as a...
Mm?
[door opens]
[AMANE] Auntie?
Hello, Miss Chiho.
Let me ask you something, dear.
You can learn the truth
if that's what you want.
But can you bear the burden
of immense knowledge
without any power
to change things?
Yes.
I'm certain.
Even if I end up regretting it.
If I run away from the truth,
then I'll never get anywhere.
I love my friends,
and I'm ready to stand
by their sides forever.
Running's
not an option anymore.
[OLBA] Defeating
a Malebranche leader
is quite the promising start.
It shows the people
that the Hero's presence
is helping our gallant troops.
I still don't understand
why we had to kill them.
It was a necessary cost
in order to save
the Emperor-Unifier.
♪
[ASHIYA]
I'll be brief.
It was Emilia who slew
one of your leaders.
Now she's on her way
to Heavensky.
The Hero is back in Ente Isla?
What is she doing here?
It's safe to assume
Heaven's objective
is to further weaken
the demon realm
and subjugate our kind,
for this would garner them
human faith.
That's why Olba
has the Church's pawn
leading the army.
What a fool.
She acts so superior,
and then drags us all
into her chaos.
Sire works the morning shift
on Monday,
the evening shift on Tuesday,
and all day on Wednesday.
On Thursday, the morning,
plus a late supervisory shift.
He's in from noon to close
on Friday, off Saturday,
and off the following Monday
with a shift Tuesday morn.
Oh.
His main obstacles would be
finding a sub for Sunday
and dealing with
Thursday's supervisory shift.
And I believe that staffing
was already going
to be light those days.
The best time for him
to make a move
would be sometime
on Thursday afternoon.
Where is the Emperor-Unifier?
I pray you haven't killed him.
No, he's a symbol now,
the prize lying
at the end of their war.
We've confined him
in the Cloud Retreat
He shouldn't be affected
by our magic there.
[ASHIYA] Take me so that
we can have a word.
At once.
[BARBARICCIA]
Sir.
[MAOU]
Screw that!
Keep in mind
it's for your own safety.
Come on,
that's such a load of crap!
I get no respect around here!
Yeah, what did you expect?
Since you got here,
all you've done
is eat and sleep.
[MAOU]
No, I also set up a tent!
I'm not Urushihara!
Keep your dumb ideas
in your dumb heads!
[SUZUNO]
It's our only option.
You are unable
to fight in this state.
You would be a liability
on the road,
so you must stay here.
Bullshit.
-Now, wake the hell up, kiddo!
-Wassup?
You got any clue why my magic
isn't coming back?
[groans]
Shrimpies.
What are you talking about?
Maybe eating
some yummy shrimpies
would unlock the truth.
♪
Your anger is fair,
but we are not resorting
to child abuse!
She's a damn rock!
Aw. No shrimp for me?
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
[gasps]
Okay, Muscles!
I get it! Now get off me!
Calm yourself.
It's neither her fault
nor yours.
This sucks!
What was the point
of skipping all those shifts
if I can't even battle?
If you go into combat
without your full power,
you will most certainly
get hurt.
I promise to bring
everyone back safely.
You have done plenty, Maou.
We've let your power
carry us this far.
I must ask that you allow us
to return the favor.
This is my
official recommendation
as a general
of the Devil's army.
You mean that?
I don't know
what you got up to in Japan.
But I for one never surrendered
to any army of yours.
I'm well aware.
But if we're both trying
to rescue Emi,
teaming up will save
some braincells.
The more allies,
the merrier, I say.
Don't go crazy, demon.
While I have you,
there's something
I've been wanting to ask.
Hm?
Why didn't you kill me?
Why'd you let Emi live
in Japan for so long
without ever shooting
your shot?
I was kinda thinking
you and Emerada
would snipe me
when she wasn't looking.
Well, I can't tell you
we didn't consider as much.
[MAOU]
I knew it!
I'm not sure why Emerada
decided against it.
But I bet it had to do
with respecting
Emilia's wishes.
Beyond that,
you best say a big thanks
to Adramelech
and that Sasaki girl.
Huh? What do you mean?
Come along.
It's time that we part ways.
I've been hearing rumors
that the volunteer army
butted heads
with the Malebranche.
Apparently, they took out
a Malebranche leader.
There's a good chance
Emilia's involved.
You stay here and behave.
And be sure to keep a close eye
on your sacred sword friend.
Before we get going,
what exactly did you mean
back there, good Albert?
Mean by what?
When you said,
"Give thanks to Adramelech."
I was being a little facetious,
but...the truth is,
I've known for a while
that the Devil's army
hasn't been on some grand quest
to wipe out mankind.
I've also known demons
can be pretty reasonable folks.
Adramelech made that clear.
He and his army made us look
like a bunch of weaklings.
I was prepared
to die at his hand.
[ADRAMELECH] Our objective
is not to massacre your people!
Submit to us,
and I'll spare your life,
and the lives of your men.
[gasps]
Can't say he was a gem.
He would slaughter anyone
who stepped out.
But I'd bet my life
that he wouldn't kill
a civilian for fun.
We eventually
crossed paths again
on our way to defeat the Devil.
[ALBERT] Fall back, I can
handle this one on my own!
One on one!
[ADRAMELECH] A true warrior
does not allow themselves
to be carried
by such cheap pride.
Come! Face me,
Hero and company!
[gasps]
He was a far better warrior
than I was,
and in many ways,
a far better man.
Though, that does feel
like a strange way
to refer to a demon.
Adramelech
wouldn't follow a king
who was a bloodthirsty beast.
So, when Emilia said
she wouldn't kill Satan,
I was okay with sitting back
and watching for a while.
I was ready to learn
more about him.
And find out
what sort of people
the demons
and their king really are.
If you ask me, they're a sort
not much different
from our own.
Perhaps. So, what's our plan?
With the Devil unable
to use the sacred sword,
openly taking back
Emilia and the others
may prove a challenge.
We have two primary objectives.
Hmm?
Well, to release Emilia,
we must rescue her father.
We have approximately 12 hours
to save him
and the emperor as well.
We must get to them soon.
To beat the volunteer army.
Whoa, there.
You're suggesting
that we not only free Nord,
but kidnap the Emperor-Unifier
while we're at it?
It's not impossible.
Not for us.
Both parties are blind.
The reasons
for which they're fighting,
neither are sure.
We'll do what we must
to end their ignorance
here and now.
[MAOU] I know we all gotta
spend time on the bench.
But I can't just sit here
twiddling my thumbs.
[ACIETH]
Lookie, Sissy.
[drooling]
They got da yummy wagyu.
You ain't getting
wagyu money outta me, kid.
-Hey! Sleepy! Wake up!
-[grunts]
You meanie, I was about
to take the perfect bite!
Don't come between me
and my food.
I was about to eat
the tastiest pork pastrami
in the history of ever!
You clearly didn't relish
your wagyu enough.
Now get up. Time to train.
I'm not feeling 100 percent
either, you know.
My stomach's digesting itself!
[gong rings]
At the very least, you could
explain some things to me.
Why exactly are you
and Alas Ramus cool
with fusing to Emi and me?
Something to do with that
mistletoe thing you mentioned?
[ACIETH] First of all,
could you pass me
that stew, pretty please?
[clattering]
You're big mistaken
if you think I'll give up
all my secrets that easy.
-For real?
-[gulps]
I'm just messing with you!
The truth is, I dunno
why I can fuse with you or dad.
It's just something that I know
deep down in my guts
that I gotta do.
I don't think that
the others know why either.
[MAOU]
Others?
You mean that
my sissy didn't tell you?
She really never once
brought up Malkuth or Geburah?
Oh, them.
I didn't realize they could
take on human forms, too.
[ACIETH ALLA]
Malkuth is a genius,
and the smartest one
outta all of us.
They came up
with the term, "mistletoe"
and taught the rest of us
about it.
So, where's Malkuth now?
I dunno.
It's starting to feel like
I haven't talked to them
in forever.
You can't really pull off
the depressed face
with the hamster cheeks
you're rockin'.
But here's the good news.
We're gonna get you back
to Alas Ramus in no time.
We just gotta work.
Boo. You got me there.
I'll train,
but it'll make me hungry!
Just ten more buns
and I'll be good to go!
Hey, waiter!
You better bun me, stat!
[groaning]
I'm gonna die.
We're never gonna get
anything done, are we?
-[crackers bursting]
-Hm?
Oh, those?
Supposedly, they ward off evil.
Take all the help I can get,
with the peace of our nation
on the brink of collapse again.
Here are your leftover buns,
and some of those firecrackers.
Take them as a souvenir.
They're good luck!
Souvenir, huh?
That gives me an idea.
Nuh-uh.
I'm way too full to train.
A long walk
should help you digest.
Aw, jeez. A walk where?
To the shops!
[chuckles]
Yucky.
Suzu-mi's corn soup
is way gooder
than this stinky one.
All right.
How about we try this?
[gulps]
Ashiya's is way gooder.
I know.
Keep trying, we'll find
something you like, cutie.
Can't go wrong
with fried chicken.
Chiki sounds like Chi-mi!
We'll have our friends make
a big dinner when we get home.
This is only for now.
When do we getta go home?
Um...
Listen, I know the food here
isn't as good
as it is in Japan.
But we still have to eat.
Come, Emilia.
Time for a war council.
[Emi sighs]
[ACIETH]
You'd buy this kinda stuff?
I dunno if this place
really fits your style.
Well, it's not for me.
We're gonna buy
Chi a sick souvenir.
We're shopping for souvenirs?
You really think we have time
for that sorta thing?
Like you're one to talk,
your brain is a stomach.
We're supposed to throw
a birthday party
when we get back.
A joint shindig
for Emi and Chi.
I know Emi, she's the one
fused with my sister, right?
That's right.
The party got postponed,
but better late
than never, right?
The last thing I wanna do
is let Chi down.
♪
Hm? Hmm?
Sounds to me like
you're buying one girl
a birthday present
with another girl's money.
-[thumps]
-Ow!
I'm planning to pay
Suz back in yen later!
Wait, so.
I know that you consider
Suz and Chi your friends,
but I didn't realize
that Emi was your friend, too.
Speaking of, we should probably
pick up a gift for her.
Chi would be sad if I didn't
get them both a present.
So, who exactly
is this Emi lady to you?
There's a little weirdness
surrounding her,
Alas Ramus, and me.
But I guess you could say,
I think "rivals" describes
our relationship the best.
Why is that?
She treats me like an equal,
even though she thinks
she's better than me.
She has everything I lack,
and I couldn't stand
to lose to her.
I mean, she does say
I'm her archenemy, after all.
Ahh.
So you're giving your archenemy
a birthday gift?
You're such a weirdo.
Check it out.
These are good, right?
They seem practical,
and they're pretty cute.
They look great to me.
[belches]
Awesome, then I'm sold.
I'm ready to check out.
-Excellent.
-That was fun.
Now, then, has your stomach
settled down enough
to get in some training?
[retching]
[gasps]
Uh-uh!
Not inside!
[barfing]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[Maou screams]
What's the deal with your guts?
-[MAOU] That's not puke!
-[groaning]
I don't think this is
from one too many buns.
Does this have something
to do with Alas Ramus?
Dammit, Suz and Albert
better not have fumbled
this early in the game!
Look alive!
Just get to the ground,
and, oh, crap, hold it in!
We can't get any higher!
-[groans]
-[gasps]
[Maou screaming]
[MALE MESSENGER 22A]
Lady Emilia!
What is it?
A message from the troops
in Heavensky.
I must ask
that you brace yourself.
What? Tell me already.
I know that it's hard
to believe.
Sightings have been reported
of Demon General Alciel
in the castle tower.
You're saying Ashi...
Alciel's in Heavensky?
-Are you serious?
-I am.
Seems he suddenly appeared
there several days ago.
Sources say that he's lying
in wait for our army.
Is he alone?
Or is King Satan with him?
There have been no reports
of King Satan.
Such news
would come as a shock,
seeing as you have
defeated him, yes?
Yes, of course.
Stupid question.
[OLBA]
In any case, General Alciel
is no match for you
without his king behind him.
You will lead the army
on a campaign
to wipe the demon vermin
clean from our territory.
After we reclaim our land,
we will go to Heavensky,
obliterate
Demon General Alciel,
and rescue the Emperor-Unifier.
We will crush that demon
at long last.
♪
So that was my role
in this, huh?
[OLBA]
Hm?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Ashiya is here?
Does that mean
Dada come save us?
Dada save us?
[EMI]
Dada.
The Devil.
Huh. What's the matter
with you?
Uh, I'm sorry,
I need to skip the meeting.
I don't feel well.
I'm willing to fight
the strongest enemy myself,
if that's what you want.
[MALE MESSENGER 22A]
Please feel well soon.
[stomping]
[crying]
This sucks.
What the hell's wrong with me?
No matter what,
he'll always be...
He's still my...
He was supposed
to be the one who,
who killed my father!
[MAOU] I'll show you how
incredible that world can be.
[EMI]
He's my enemy.
So why?
Why do I feel so...?
You jerk.
This isn't fair!
Why'd you have to go
and mess with my heart,
you demonic douchebag?
Screw you, Satan!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama! Dada's gonna be here!
He can give us head pats
and huggies, ‘kay?
[EMI]
You're right. He'll be here.
[sniffles]
[crying]
I don't know what to do.
Not a single thing in my life
makes sense anymore.
Maou.
Please.
Please, Satan,
I need your help!
[crying]
Emerada.
Al, I'm so sorry.
Forgive me, Dad.
I'm the sorriest to you,
but I can't do it.
I can't fight alone anymore!
[crying]
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama.
[sniffles]
Oh.
I'm sorry that you have
to see me like this, baby.
Seems your mama has hit
her limit for a little while.
♪
[crying]
I was all alone
before just like you.
[gasps]
No more.
'Cause
now I get to be with mama.
And Papa.
And Chi-mi.
Ashiya.
Suzu-mi. Lucy.
And Rada-mi.
Anywhere we go,
they're with us.
And my friend Acieth
is with us, too.
You're a wise kid.
Everything is gonna
be okay, yeah?
We'll see all our friends again
real soon.
You're right. We will.
Just know,
things are going
to be different now.
And I doubt
they'll ever be the same.
I didn't have a choice
but to obey Olba.
And in doing so, I let
a whole lot of demons perish.
There's no way Maou and Ashiya
will forgive me
after everything I've done.
[MALE MESSENGER 22A]
Lady Emilia?
I apologize for intruding
on you while you're unwell.
[gasps]
[MALE MESSENGER 22A]
She has arrived.
Feeling better, I see.
I was told we just received
a letter from Alciel.
Think I can get a look?
Please be careful.
It's written
in a mysterious language.
It may well be a curse.
Gonna go out on a limb here
and say it's not.
[OLBA] Well, what does
the blasted thing say?
For real? You can't read this?
I recognize it as what
the other world calls kanji,
but still.
All I can decipher
is "Chilled."
The kanji for luggage.
And an idiom
which I'm confident
expresses a desire for revenge.
What does that nonsense mean?
I can't say
I really get it myself,
but...it says,
"I vow to pay you back
for the hiyayakko
and ginger bud."
[OLBA] I've never heard
of such things.
They're both food.
Hiyayakko is a chilled tofu.
It's white and jiggly,
and doesn't have
a ton of flavor.
And ginger bud is a reddish,
purplish type
of bulb vegetable.
It's really bitter
when you chew it.
Could they be ingredients
for some sort
of demonic potion?
No way, they're delicious.
If you slice the ginger bud
and put it on the tofu...
[gasping]
♪
The one who's paying me back
is the Devil.
What's the matter with you?
We need to leave
for Heavensky at once.
[OLBA]
Pardon?
It's a code meant only for me.
He's telling us
to withdraw our troops
if we want to survive.
Slow down.
What if it's nothing more
than a bluff?
It's not.
Alciel is able to use
chilled tofu and ginger bud
to unlock a power that
far surpasses that of Satan.
-What? But how?
-[gasps]
We have to hurry,
or it'll be too late.
Fine. We'll do what we must.
♪
[EMI] I guess Ashiya's
less of a dork than I thought.
When he's not scamming
the grocery store,
he's actually pretty cool.
♪
The Devil is coming.
For me.
I just have to hold off
any bloodshed until then.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Is Mama feeling better?
I think so.
She's definitely
getting there, sweetie.
♪
[EMI] There's no way he'll
forgive me for what I've done.
It's safe to say we'll be
enemies until the bitter end.
[wind whooshing]
But I'll take it.